DandyHacks 2023
Coming soon
October 12-14
Register
Join Discord
About
DandyHacks 2023 is the 11th celebration of hackers at the University of Rochester. Join us for a beginner-friendly, inclusive, and free in-person hackathon. Prepare ahead for: valuable learning experiences, food, amazing prizes, swags, friends, companies, mentors, an excessive amount of stickers, and 42 hours of fun.
Tracks
Your project needs to be submitted into one of these tracks, or "topics". Each track will have three winners and a different set of prizes!
Sustainability
Hack for a greener future! Brainstorm and develop innovative solutions to pressing environmental challenges, from reducing carbon emissions to promoting eco-friendly habits.
Video Game
Ready, set, unleash your creativity! Whether it's a mobile game or a virtual reality experience, the possibilities are endless.
Education
Revolutionize the way we learn! Come develop a solution that promotes learning, access, and engagement for students like yourself.
Side challenges
Your project will be automatically considered to win a side challenge, and each side challenge will have one winner.
Best Use of AI
Artificial intelligence (AI) is changing the world, and you should too. With libraries like ml5.js and Tensorflow, the future is just a few lines of code away.
Cybersecurity
With great power comes great responsibility. Make a project that helps promote privacy and secure applications in cyberspace.
Most Dandy Hack
The return of the infamous award given to the project with the best UI/UX!
Schedule
Past projects
  

GoodSoup
The dining hall recipe allergen analysis


“I crawled recipes data from the University of Rochester's Dining Service’s website and built Flask API to connect backend analysis and Wix frontend with Python.”‒Linh
  

Project Eleos
Project Eleos is our attempt at solving the issue of computational power and its availability to the average person and or businesses.
“We are proud of getting this project done without a single energy drink!”‒Nate
  

2-Tris
A 2d co-op shooter version of Tetris featuring 3 classically composed pieces.


“It was my first time using python and pygame, and I really enjoyed the challenge and learning experience.”‒Reidy
Gallery
FAQ
Sponsors/Sponsoring